- understand the code and the high level stuff that theyll ask u. 
- then go into detail abt the implementation
- change run names

- how to run the striim reddit... 
- g2, gigaom, trustradar 


-multi topic things, person questions 

- cloudfare *** 
- copy the other websites
- robots.txt vs llms.txt
- google gemini note taking
- update questions and personas, meet w simon

- want to swap out the questinos to keep up with monthly trends
- how to automate? maybe use questions to calude and code a text extracter...
- review questions and personas, make sure they are accurate and the repository makes sense
review the implementation... 
- fix the llm reccs
cloudflare blocking
- want to add like. top 5 reccomendations that r high priority as warnings

not implemented: dashboard for approval


Key Takeaways: What's NOT Implemented
🔴 CRITICAL - NOT IMPLEMENTED (Whole Modules Missing)
Module 6: Website & Crawler Accessibility (0% complete)

No robots.txt parser
No HTTP status checks, sitemap checks, noindex detection
No llms.txt parser
No content extractability checks (Trafilatura)
No crawler UA simulation
Impact: Can't check if Striim pages are actually accessible to AI crawlers
Effort: 5-10 hours to implement
Module 7: Request-Log Analysis (0% complete)

No log parser
No crawler traffic detection
No spoofed crawler detection
Impact: Can't see real crawler activity/failures
Effort: 4-6 hours to implement
🟡 IMPORTANT - PARTIALLY IMPLEMENTED
Dashboard Approval Workflow (Blocking feature)

Functions exist but not wired to UI
Status shows "🟡 Pending Approval" but no buttons to approve/reject
Workaround: Use SQL to manually update recommendations table
Effort: 2-3 hours to add UI buttons + database persistence
CLI Commands (Nice-to-have)


❌ aeo_eval.cli history              # Says "not yet implemented"
❌ aeo_eval.cli schedule --add ...   # Says "not yet implemented"
❌ aeo_eval.cli schedule --list
❌ aeo_eval.cli schedule --trigger
Effort: 3-4 hours total
Missing Engine Implementations

✅ Claude - fully working
✅ OpenAI - fully working
❌ Gemini - config exists, engine code missing
❌ Grok - config exists, engine code missing
❌ Perplexity - config exists, engine code missing
Metrics (Low impact)

❌ By-persona breakdowns (code exists but not calculated/stored)
❌ By-engine breakdowns (code exists but not calculated/stored)
✅ WHAT'S FULLY WORKING
✅ Load & run 75 buyer questions
✅ Execute through Claude or OpenAI
✅ Extract brands, claims, positions, sentiment
✅ Calculate visibility metrics
✅ Deduplicate citations
✅ Detect gaps (visibility, citation)
✅ Generate recommendations
✅ Auto-approve high-confidence recs
✅ Store everything in SQLite
✅ View results in Streamlit dashboard (mostly)
Bottom line: 75% complete. Modules 1-5 and 8-9 are solid. Module 6 & 7 would require significant new code. Dashboard approval UI is the highest-value quick fix.


- want to swap out the questinos to keep up with monthly trends
- how to automate? maybe use questions to calude and code a text extracter...

TODO: 
- review questions and personas, make sure they are accurate and the repository makes sense
review the implementation... 
cloudflare blocking





ai for help, iterative thinking, 

ICP: ideal customer profile

company of 10 ppl → 5k. not ICP. deals range from 100-250k mark. sometimes 1M. 

enterprises. big budgets. 

not typically startups. 

ask for a lot of examples. flow + example, abstract vs concrete

agent experience, how agents experience a website. striim should be checking the boxes *** LOOK INTO AGENT EXPERIENCE 

observability. designing how the model interacts with your system

how to set a system that’s cost efficient? scraping on a schedule? 

real time context layer for ai



using api or putting it through 

